{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Bahnschrift Condensed;}{\f2\fnil Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;\red165\green165\blue165;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs22\lang1033             \cf1\f1\fs32 Web Designing Assignment\fs22\par
\cf0\f0\par
                 \f1\fs40 Term-1\f0\fs22\par
             \f1\fs40 Module (HTML) -1\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf1\f2 Que:-1. Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?\par
\cf0\par
\cf2 Ans.Tags and Elements are not the same. They are the pieces themselves, i.e. a paragraph is an element, or a header is an element, even the body is an element.\par
\par
\par
\f0    \cf3                                                                         \cf2\f2\par
\cf0\par
\par
Que:-2.What are tags and attributes in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.An HTML attribute is a piece of markup language used to adjust the behavior or display of an HTML element. For example, attributes can be used to change the color, size, or functionality of HTML elements. Attributes are used by including them in an opening HTML tag: <tag_name attribute_name="value">Content</tag_name>\f0 .\f2  \cf0\par
\par
Que:-3.What are void elements in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.A void element is an element whose content model never allows it to have contents under any circumstances. Void elements can have attributes. The following is a complete list of the void elements in HTML : area , base , br , col , command , embed , hr , img , input , keygen , link , meta , param , source , track , wbr.\cf0\par
\par
 \par
\par
Que:-4. What are HTML Entities?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.An HTML entity is used to display invisible characters and reserved characters that would otherwise be interpreted as HTML code. It is a piece of text, or string, that begins with an ampersand ( & ) and ends with a semicolon ( ; ).\cf0\par
\par
\par
\par
 Que:-5. What are different types of lists in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.The three list types-\par
 1.unordered list \emdash  used to group a set of related items in no particular order.\par
2.ordered list \emdash  used to group a set of related items in a specific order.\par
3.description list \emdash  used to display name/value pairs such as terms and definitions.\par
\cf0\par
\par
Que:-6 What is the \lquote class\rquote  attribute in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet. However, it can also be used by a JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to make changes to HTML elements with a specified class.\cf0\par
\par
Que:-7. What is the difference between the \lquote id\rquote  attribute and the \lquote class\rquote  attribute of HTML\par
elements?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.Remember the difference between Class and ID: A Class name can be used by multiple HTML elements, while an ID name must only be used by one HTML element within the page. The following is a sample HTML page using the Class name GreekCity. You can copy code from this to try it out yourself.\cf0\par
\par
\par
\par
Que:-8. What are the various formatting tags in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.\f0 f\f2 ormatting elements were designed to display special types of text:\par
   \cf4 <b>\cf2  - Bold text.\par
   \cf4 <strong> \cf2 - Important text.\par
   \cf4 <i> \cf2 - Italic text.\par
   \cf4 <em> \cf2 - Emphasized text.\par
  \cf4 <mark> \cf2 - Marked text.\par
  \cf4 <small> \cf2 - Smaller text.\par
  \cf4 <del> \cf2 - Deleted text.\par
  \cf4 <ins> \cf2 - Inserted text.\par
\cf0\par
Que:-9. How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.\cf1 Cellpadding\cf2  basically defines the space present between a table cell's border and the content present in it. \cf1 Cellspacing\cf2  basically defines the space present between individual adjacent cells.\par
\cf0\par
\par
Que:-10. How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML\par
table?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.The \cf1 rowspan\cf2  is used to merge or combine the number of cells in a row whereas the \cf1 colspan\cf2  is used to merge column cells in a table.\par
\f0         \par
         \f2\par
\par
\cf0\par
Que:-11. What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.Difference Between Inline and Block Elements in HTML\par
Block elements always start from a new line. Inline elements never start from a new line. Block elements cover space from left to right as far as it can go. Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element.\cf0\par
\par
\par
Que:-12. How to create a Hyperlink in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.To make a hyperlink in an HTML page, use the <a> and </a> tags, which are the tags used to define the links. The <a> tag indicates where the hyperlink starts and the </a> tag indicates where it ends. Whatever text gets added inside these tags, will work as a hyperlink. Add the URL for the link in the <a href=" ">.\cf0\par
\par
\par
Que:-13. What is the use of an iframe tag?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.The iframe in HTML stands for Inline Frame. The \rdblquote  iframe \rdblquote  tag defines a rectangular region within the document in which the browser can display a separate document, including scrollbars and borders. An inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML document\cf0 .\par
\par
\par
Que:-14. What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.The <span> tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document. The <span> tag is easily styled by CSS or manipulated with JavaScript using the class or id attribute. The <span> tag is much like the <div> element, but <div> is a block-level element and <span> is an inline element.\par
Example-\par
<p>My mother has <span style="color:blue;font-weight:bold">blue</span> eyes and my father has <span style="color:Red;font-weight:bold">dark green</span> eyes.</p>\par
\cf0\par
My mother has \cf2 blue\cf0  eyes and my father has \cf4 dark green\cf0  eyes.\par
\par
\par
\par
Que:-15. How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.The most common & simple way to add background image is using the background image attribute inside the <body> tag. The background attribute which we specified in the <body> tag is not supported in HTML5. Using CSS properties, we can also add background image in a webpage.\cf0\par
\par
\par
\par
Que:-16. How are active links different from normal links?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.Normal links are unvisited links generally shown in blue color in most of the websites. A link becomes active when you click on it. However the color of the links may vary as they can be customized.\cf0\par
\par
\par
Que:-17. What are the different tags to separate sections of text?\par
\par
\cf2 Ans.We separate a section of texts in HTML using the below tags:\par
\cf4 <br> \cf2 tag \endash  It is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and shifts the flow of the text to a new line.\par
\cf4 <p> \cf2 tag\endash This tag is used to write a paragraph of text.\par
\cf4 <blockquote> \cf2 tag\endash This tag is used to define large quoted sections.\cf0\par
\par
\f0 Que:-18.\f2  What is SVG?\par
\par
\cf2\f0 Ans.SVG stands for Scalable Vector Graphics\par
SVG is used to define vector-based graphics for the Web\par
SVG defines the graphics in XML format\par
Every element and every attribute in SVG files can be animated..\cf0\par
\par
\f2\par
\f0 Que:-19.\f2  What is difference between HTML and XHTML?\par
\par
\cf2\f0 Ans.The main difference between them is the syntax and structure; HTML is more lenient in its syntax, while XHTML has a more strict syntax and follows XML rules. XHTML is considered the successor to HTML, and its strict syntax makes it more suitable for future technologies and advancements.\cf0\par
\par
\f2\par
\f0 Que:-20.\f2  What are logical and physical tags in HTML?\par
\par
\cf2\f0 Ans.In HTML the formatting tags are divided into two categories: Physical tag: These tags are used to provide the visual appearance to the text. Logical tag: These tags are used to add some logical or semantic value to the text.\cf0\par
}
 